Hopefully, this is the correct submission and done in the spirit of the assignment.

https://codepen.io/Bus42/pen/GRjwajV?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt -->
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
        It describes the purpose of the element to the browser and the developer
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        To give structure to a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute provides information about an HTML element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        To denote the main heading of the page; Once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        anchor and image tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Meta information
    7. What is an id?
        A unique identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        Any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once
    10. What is a class? 
        An HTML attribute used to group HTML elements for styling purposes
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any HTML element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you want   
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="new", target="foo"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        It is used to describe an image to a screen reader for visually impaired users or in cases where the image cannot load
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #element_id {}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section denotes a part of a document, whereas a div is used to group elements for styling purposes
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        To give style to HTML elements
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class is used to group elements for styling, ID refers to a unique element
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .foo {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        parentEl > childEl {}
        useful when targeting only elements of a certain type that are children of a specific element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar > a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        :hover
        :active
        specifies state of the targeted element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: [number][unit];
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: [number][unit];
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        <-- like this -->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        If you mean the working directory, pwd - if you are in a file, you are likely in an editor and the name is at the top.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
        ls -h
        ls -a
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm
        rm -f
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To keep track of changes and facilitate collaboration
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every time you make a change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u origin 'target-repo'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Navigate to github repo
        Fork the repo
        Clone my Fork
        create branch 'firstname-lastname'
        add Mentor as collaborator
        commit changes with clear comments
        submit PR when ready to submit

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Block elements force a new line following the element, inline elements do not.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It is positioned absolutely within its parent container
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        display: inline-block;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        Heading elements, nav, img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    The box model is a representation of the element with padding, border, and margin.
    The 'fix' is a CSS reset or, more popularly, Normalize.css



   -->